1.Write a Java program to create a Queue using LinkedList

2.Write a Java program to implement Queue using ArrayDeque class

3.Write a Java program to remove an item from the Queue

4. Write a Java program to compare two queues.

5.Write a Java program to print Queue elements using foreach loop.

6.Write a Java program to get the size of the Queue collection.

7.Write a Java program to check whether a queue is empty or not.

8.Write a Java program to iterate Queue elements using the iterator() method.

9.Write a Java program to remove all elements of queue.

10. Write a Java program to add elements to Queue using add() and offer() methods.

11.Write a Java program to retrieve & remove an element from the head of the queue.

12.Write a Java program to retrieve an element from the head of the queue without removing it

13. Write a Java program to Removing elements from the queue using poll() methods

14.Write a Java program to Accessing the head of the queue using peek() methods

15.Write a Java program to Reverse Queue using a Stack

16.Write a Java program to Check if a queue is palindrome or not

17.Write a Java Program to Interleave the elements of two queues

18.Write a Java Program to Find the maximum element in a queue

19.Write a Java Program to Find the sum of elements in a queue

20.Write a Java Program to Find the average of elements in a queue

21. Write a Java Program to Check if a queue contains a specific element

22.Write a Java Program to Merge two queues

23.Write a Java program to Reverse the order of elements in a queue without using any additional data structures

24.write a Java program to Find the first non-repeating element in the array using a queue

25.Write a Java program to Reverse the elements of a queue using recursion

26.Write a Java program to Remove all occurrences of a specific element from a queue

27.Write a Java program to Check if two queues are equal. Two queues are considered equal if they have the same elements in the same order

28.rite a Java program to Find the minimum element in a queue without removing it from the queue

29.Write a Java program to Reverse the first half of the elements and leave the second half unchanged

30.Write a Java program to Find the sum of all even numbers in the queue.

31.Write a Java program to Find the sum of all odd numbers in the queue

32.Write a Java program to Find the Longest string in the queue

33.Write a Java program to Remove all Duplicate elements from the queue

34.Write a Java program to Find the Product of all elements in a queue

35.Write a Java program to Move all Even elements to the front of the queue while maintaining the relative order of other elements

36.Write a Java program to Find the second smallest element in the queue  

37.Write a Java program to Print the all Even numbers in the queue

38.Write a Java program to Print the all Odd numbers in the queue

39.Write a Java program to Print the all Negative numbers in the queue

40.Write a Java program to Print the all Positive numbers in the queue

41.Write a Java program to Clear all elements from a queue

42. Write a Java program to Counts the number of digits, alphabets, and special characters in a queue of strings